#Pixel Crashers by Nick Czernik: 

##Use w a s d to move and space to shoot regular laser and b to shoot a larger laser that does more damage.

##Your goal is to defeat the mimic boss, he cannot see you and can only sense your movements. He doesn’t directly copy your movements but has his own unique paterns to deal with them. Pay attention to the health bars at the bottom and make sure yours doesn’t go red!  The boss has double the health of your own so much sure to combo in b attacks as well to do more damage. 

###For my project I really wanted to try something new out in python so I decided to pick up pygame. I have made games in the past using python but never used pygame and thought I would give it a try. In the beginning I had huge ambitions for my game but very quickly faced struggles and challenges. One challenge that I overcame was making health bar. During my time in this class I really struggled with functions and often found them confusing. Due to this I tried my best to avoid them at all costs if possible, throughout later exercises and through learning pygame I began to get more comfortable using them. Another challenged that I wanted to do but ultimately struggled a bit doing was using random and time. At first I tried to make random movements for the enemy character and wanted to use timed attacks. I ultimately settled on making reactions too inputs but I would really like to go back and revisit this in the future.  During my initial brainstorm I rly wanted to make a start screen and a win and lose screen which I have done to some success in the past but I struggled incorporating it in pygame and making it look good. I also attempted to implement animation but wasn’t completely sure how to do it without splitting up every single frame. Overall I feel like this project really help with my overall general coding knowledge and at the end I was able to make most of my ideas come true, I wanted to make this battle fairly challenging and believe I succeeded at that to an extent.

#I used assets from the royalty free website craftpix.net
